alright thank you very much for coming
everyone my name is Alex Dunlap I'm the
general manager for Amazon CloudFront
this is what a little bit different
format than some of the other sessions
what we're doing here is we called
internally lightning talks and the idea
is let's get some of the engineers who
have built CloudFront up on stage give
you some very practical tangible things
that you can do bring back home and
using your applications and your
workflow to make CloudFront perform
better make it more make your websites
more available improve your cache ability
so there was really an emphasis here in
this talk on practical tangible things
that you can take away so for that again
I'm Alex we've got clean Jared and
Matthew so these are all members of the
CloudFront team we're each going to
spend about 10 10 minutes or so going
through one topic kind of passed to the
next one about your cut front so
specifically what are the four topics
we're in cover today the first topic
we're going to cover is best practice
for setting up your origin CloudFront x
is a cache the servers are the things
behind that cache is what we call your
origin so we're going to walk through
some back best practices for setting up
your origin second jared is going to go
into getting better visibility into your
distribution where's your traffic going
who's downloading it what are they doing
it what are they watching third we're
going to matthew is going to go through
how to improve your cache ability we are
cached with CloudFront at least for the
static assets we will cache static
assets and there are things that you can
do as a developer that will lead to
either better or worse caching let's
understand what those things are and how
you can improve your cache ability and
forth come back to me at the end I'll
give you a little bit of our you about
various types of testing you can do I'm
reading off the slides something there
we go forth it's going to come back to
me we're going to go through
look at various ways you can test your
configuration how do you know that what
you have set up is going to work for
your end users so with that let's start
with clean talk about best practices for
setting up your origin right thank you
Alex I think first let's practice make
sure projected correctly which it looks
like we are thank you so we'll go ahead
and get started so today I wanted to
focus specifically on some items that
you can follow to improve your
availability get better performance and
make it easier to debug your application
as well as debugging any trouble you may
have when running Cloud front so the
five items I picked up specifically for
this talk are utilizing Ralph t3 help
checking and DNS failover for your
origin configuring multiple origins
securing your origin either if you're
using an Amazon s3 origin or a custom
origin such as an elastic load balancer
logging request IDs and these are the
requested ease that cloud for instance
or generating your own request IDs to
make it easier to find specific requests
from your customers the fifth item I
wanted to speak about is a setting on
Origin response headers and these are
HTTP specific response centers so as you
may know ral 53 amazon ref 23 hell
tracking and DNS failover is a service
we currently offer that allows you to
help check any HTTP endpoint on the
internet and based on the health of that
endpoint you can fail over to another
endpoint or you can be alerted if that
he'll check is unhealthy and you can use
that information to make routing
decisions at the DNS level and so in
this example we have a deployment with
an elastic load balancer in our u.s.
East one region and you can see we have
four edge locations all doing their
origin fetches from us East one and so
what what i can do is i can set up a
Loden see late excuse me a latency based
routing configuration with in route 53
that routes CloudFront to the least
latent AWS region so here you can see my
edge locations in Europe and India are
being routed to
us one and my edge locations in Brazil
and the United States are being routed
to USD Swan that just happened
seamlessly you never have to worry about
updating any latency data that's all
done for you so let's say someone
accidentally terminates all there are
instances behind our load balancer in
one of the region's so what happens
behind the scenes is the health checks
we start to fail that endpoint will stop
being returned to DNS and then call from
will start doing your origin fetches
from the next avail one point and we'll
be demoing that as well we're where I'll
accidentally terminate my instances and
see what happens and here's a sample
configuration that you can take a look
at so i have a origin at example.com
configured where i have latency based
routing between us east one again and us
one and i am checking the evaluate
target health on my ALB so i get the
benefits of getting the health checks
that are already built into my lb and
property three can make decisions off of
that as well and you can see all the
available AWS regions or my own see
based routing great so now my the second
best practice I wanted to talk about
maybe I'll stand right here okay is
configuring multiple origins so here we
have a whole website delivery sorry for
example calm and you can see what i'm
doing is i'm configuring some cloud
front cache behaviors that sends assets
or maybe my static error pages to s3 and
my dynamic content to my elastic load
balancer which it then I'm low latency
based routing between AWS regions so why
would you want to do this so this allows
you to decouple your assets such as
JavaScript CSS images from your
application and let your application
focus on generating dynamic content for
your customers and have just all your
assets and s3 and so some of the
benefits you get out of this is for
example let's say you have an
application where users are uploading
user-generated
now all those assets are going into s3
and when you're easy to instances scale
up and down you never have to wear yo do
I have all my assets on all my ec2
instances and as you're generating a lot
of content that starts to add up the
other benefit you have is if you have
multiple properties or multiple games
you can share those assets with all of
those properties and Matthew will
actually talk about that a little bit
more later third Beck's practice is
securing your origin so as you know we
announced a wsof today so you want to
make sure that all your requests are
being funneled through Amazon Cloud
front and so the way you can do that is
you can use our origin access identity
feature to protect your s3 origin so
that only CloudFront or other
authenticated requests can come through
for custom origins you can create a
whitelist and we'll talk about how to do
that keep that up to date without any
effort so to go into this little bit
more detail when we have here as a user
trying to access our s3 bucket directly
and they're denied access but if they
access it through CloudFront and
they're granted access through cloud
front then they're able to access the
static content from s3 protecting your
custom origin same thing except for with
IP whitelisting and so you can see here
users trying to access for example let's
say my elb directly they're going to get
denied if I go through CloudFront
they're able to access the content and
so how do you how do you keep your white
list up-to-date so as you know AWS
publishes all of our IP ranges in a JSON
file that you can download and consume
and so and it's broken down by service
as well and CloudFront is one of those
services that that's broken down and so
what the the ranges are broken down and
so what you can do is you can create a
lambda function that subscribed to an
SMS topic that we publish to whenever
the ranges are updated you can get the
IP addresses for the CloudFront service
and then call AWS authorized ec2 the ec2
API to authorize the security
herbs and then make sure that you always
have the latest up-to-date IP addresses
authorized and you don't have to ever
worry about am i following keeping them
up to date so long I made it fourth best
practice I wanted to talk about is
logging request IDs and so this is
important if you want to be able to
correlate request made to your origin by
Amazon Cloud front as well as logging
requests in your application when you
make requests to CloudFront so both on
the front and the back end and we find
this very helpful when customers are
reporting trouble with claw front or
wise conference doing this behavior but
I didn't expect it we can look up even
though it's not an error we can find the
event that of the customer's request
relatively easy so definitely recommend
generating your own request IDs as well
in your own applications you'll find it
a lot easier to find specific requests
especially if you're generating a lot of
walks right the last item I want to talk
about is sending HTTP response headers
and so the for headers I wanted to talk
about is strict Transport Security and
so this headers requires that you serve
all your content over HTTPS for it to
work correctly and so what this does is
it tells your browser only make requests
over HTTPS and so this helps prevent
downgrade attacks on your site so some
things to keep in mind when you are
implementing this header is the max age
as you can see is how long the browser
typically will cache that information
for so you typically want to start with
something small to make sure that you
don't break some functionality that you
weren't aware that may break when you
turn this on so that's something to keep
in mind
the other benefit of the center is yep
perked so the second header I want to
talk about is X frames options and so
this is helpful to prevent your website
from being rendered in other on iframes
and this is a common attack for
cross-site scripting excuse me for
enjoying it later the the third option
is xxs protection and so this is a
header that activates a cross-site
scripting module in browsers even though
a user may have turned it off the one
other point I wanted to make about the
strict Transport Security header is if
you turn this on sometimes when you go
to a website you get a security warning
saying the certificate doesn't match do
you want to proceed if you use this
header it disables that functionality
you you cannot proceed so that's
something to keep in mind as well when
you do turn that on is a user will not
be able to proceed if you generate a
certificate maybe that's expired there's
not valid for the domain that you're
serving the content and the fourth
header I wanted to talk about here is
the cache control header and so that
tells conferring to cache objects or as
well as any intermediary proxies or your
end-user browsers and Matthew we'll talk
about that a little bit more detail
later great so I'm going to go ahead and
show some demos so let's see switch
perfect so here you can see I have two
windows side by side just to explain
what what you're seeing and at the very
bottom of the window you'll see that i'm
generating the AWS availability zone
that this instance is serving the
content from so you can see on the left
it's same page as the right but it's a
different ec2 instance so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to go ahead and
terminate these one of these instances
and US East one accidentally
great so while those shut down terminate
my lb is going to evaluate that the help
that the incidents are no longer healthy
and then mark at the mezzo Nabil and
I'll come back in a second oh sorry I'll
come back in a second to just to demo
that we failed over the second thing I
want to talk about is the lambda
function to update security groups so
you can see here I of a CloudFront
security group in my BP see that has
only two ranges allow to IP address
ranges allowed for both port 443 and 480
so I'm going to do is I'm going to
manually invoke the lambda function and
it should update as you can see I'm just
going to go and manually invoke it it
should update the security group with
all the top front ranges from the IP
ranges JSON file so we got a 200 refresh
and now we have all these ranges and
that that lambda functions always
triggered whenever an event comes in
because the ranges have been updated
perfect the other thing I wanted to show
you real quick is the origin access
identity and you can enable that in your
origin you just restrict pocket accesses
check it to yes select your origin
access identity if you want to
automatically update your bucket policy
click yes clicks click yes so let's go
back to our demo and see if we build
over
perfect so you'll notice on the right
says us East one beat sorry on my left
USC's one be on the right us to see it
automatically filled over and once the
auto scaling repeals and will fill back
great we'll go ahead and switch us back
perfect so keep key takeaways definitely
use route 53 health checks and Janice
failover especially if you're using load
balancer you just have to check a box
evaluate target health and configure
your latency based routing policy that
you would like to use improve improve
security by setting the custom headers
that your origin enable logging up
headers likes to be labeled logging of
request IDs specifically CloudFront or
generate your own request IDs as well to
help find specific request form your end
users serve you stack assets out of
amazon s3 and definitely serve custom
error message out of it and was honest
we should none of your origin become
unavailable should I've excellently
terminated all my instances at the same
time with that I'm going to go ahead and
hand it over to Jerry Thank You queen
hello everyone how many of you use
clapping how many of you are familiar
with our reports and analytics that
we've been releasing the last year Wow
ok now many so so what I'm going to show
today is how you can gain visibility
into your distribution using some of the
tools that we have native to cloud frame
and using some other tools like cloud
watch and cloud trap
well there are variety ways to give
visibility to your distribution we're
going to cover for today using a DBS
cloud trail for monitoring distribution
configuration changes using your
real-time metrics provided by Amazon
Cloud Print Amazon Cloud watch using
Amazon CloudFront reports for analytics
and using Amazon Cloud watch logs for
custom reporting so cloud trail is a
service as a native a service that
tracks API activity across services lbe
C 2 s 3 CloudFront it allows you to
basically audit any API activity that
occurs in this case you can set an alarm
when they're our configuration changes
on your distribution such as a
distribution being a disabled trust
designers being disabled or custom TLS
certificate changes will go into a
little bit more on that in the demo
another way to gain visibility into your
distributions is using Amazon CloudFront
near real-time metrics this is the
Amazon Cloud watch currently you can
allow on 6 metrics and I forget to
mention that these metrics are within
one to two minutes of the actual
activity that maybe two to three minutes
of the actual activity that occurred of
the request for your content currently
you can allow in six metrics includes
requests by scale mode eight bytes
uploaded those are usually come from put
post requests for 400 series error rates
500 series error rates and total error
rates an example of something you might
want them on for 400 series error rate
let's say that you've released grid new
assets on your website or cred new
version air website you see you create
an alarm on 400 series their rating you
get notified you realize that you have a
problem a lot of those newly released
assets
or getting air raid so you actually
allows you to roll back or you can roll
back make the decision roll back same
with the 500 500 series Gatorade so if
you have errors to distribution you can
get notified of those errors and then
dig into what's occurring either using
logs or some of the other reports for
that's going to now some of these
reports these reports that I'm about to
show you are actually delayed a little
bit they're delayed by up to an hour and
we have released over I think close to
20 reports to share so any of you that
has it hasn't had the opportunity to
look at them yet and we'll demo them but
you can also take a look at them and
today and some of these reports include
cache hit miss report incomplete
downloads top countries mobile users
popular objects report we're actually
going to go into those I'm going to
actually demo those and take you through
those and show you how you can use them
another way that you can get visible in
your distributions is through Amazon
CloudFront XO slugs well Amazon
CloudFront access logs you can subscribe
to and they can get delivered to your s3
bucket multiple times within an hour so
one really cool thing you can do with
Amazon CloudFront axle slobs is generate
custom metrics the way you do that is
you can once you can create a s3
notification or actually sm via SNS
notify you every time you get log files
delivered to your s3 bucket and then
that can trigger a lambda function to
take those files downloaded upload them
to cloud watch and then you can create a
variety of custom metrics such as been
notified
they notified of bots if you get a
larger number of bots you can create a
custom metric on granular response codes
like 4 x.x you can create excuse me 400
series you can also create a custom
metric on certain URLs yeah eos versions
so we're going to go into a demo so
earlier we mentioned how you get
notified when there are configuration
changes made to your cloud planck
distribution so we want to show you what
this looks like so this is a this is via
cloud watch and here's a CloudFront
default log grip so we're going to show
you what this looks like how to set a
CloudFront notification or clogged trail
notified watch notification for cloud
trail sorry I clicked on the wrong thing
so this is what it's like to set an
event for that you contract via cloud
trail excuse me this is a fog watch
event its cloud trail group attract via
cloud watch so what you're doing here is
your tracking on a certain API activity
so for example here you're setting event
source is is CloudFront that's the
service the event sources CloudFront AWS
Amazon need oh yes the request parameter
is is the distribution and the request
parameter distribution configuration
enabled is false basically what this is
is a rule that's telling you that
anytime your configuration is disabled
it's going to you're going to actually
it's going to log a response or log a
metric so i go here i log the metric but
I go in to see if anything's actually
occurred let me see here so I'm seeing
that there was a disablement disabled
here and
here well that's not good i didn't
disable my distribution so i need to set
alarm so that I'm notified once we met
the distribution is disabled so you can
create an alarm here it basically shows
you it tells you that will tell you any
time that's disabled for example if when
cloud Frank disabled is greater than
equal to one in this case you're going
to be wanting to notified be notified
anytime this occurs so greater than
equal to one you're creating at 41
consecutive period you just want to know
any time that a CloudFront distribution
is disabled need to create the alarm
here so this is basically setting a
cloud a alarm on a cloud trail activity
and again cloud trail is a service that
tracks API activity or logs API
activities so it allows you to log on
all these different events that occur in
API and the the platform you guys so now
I'm going to go and talk a little bit
about CloudFronts some of the reports
we've released this year so you can see
all these reports on the Left nav here
these are all the reports the cache
statistics the popular objects the top
referrers and the usage reports are all
reports that are available within about
an hour of the event happening the
modern burning alarming these are
available within two to three minutes so
I'm going to briefly go through these
I'm going to show you how these reports
can be made actionable so on the cache
statistics reports some interesting
things here so we have a total requests
percentage of viewer request by result
type the show's hates mrs. errors bytes
transferred to viewers that shows you
basically how many bytes are being
delivered and then you have status codes
the type status goes 200 series for a
nursery is 400 500 series of the status
codes that are being delivered as a
result the requests and then you have
this is an interesting report we have
the number of get requests that didn't
finish downloading so this report is
important because it shows you not only
the the objects that aren't excuse me
the number requests that aren't that are
coming for objects that aren't being
finished downloading but the problem
here is that if a object isn't ability
downloaded it affects Amazon's cache
Amazon CloudFront scalability so that in
turn affects the latency of that object
now in this case I look at this report
how do I make this actionable okay so
I've got I'm seeing these requests so
then I I want to go into my popular
object so I can use this report called
popular objects and I can try to
correlate which objects might be causing
the incomplete gallons so if i go here i
see this object here oops it's got 19 19
incomplete downloads and there's been
40-foot 48 requests so little about
forty percent of the requests coming for
that object aren't completely or not
downloaded completely so all that means
is someone might be downloading the
video file and then leaving before
completely downloads for example let's
say you have a training site and you're
surveying training videos some of your
customers money that might not be stay
until the end of the video so they're
exiting that's resulting in a incomplete
download now what's actionable here is
you can take that file in this case is
an mp4 and you can have it basically
converting them to a segmented format so
that via you can do that via lots of
transmitter so they it's a smaller file
set so it's it's segmented so someone
downloads it they're getting a segment
that way will cache it when you see all
the other files here these these are
actually segmented where this one isn't
so that's an example now a couple other
examples i want to show that i mentioned
viewers i talked about locations here's
a locations report this shows you
again this is demo account so it's not
completely doesn't have a that much
activity but this shows the top
locations by by country and here for
example you'll see Sweden let's say in
this case wow I'm getting a lot of
people from Sweden that's a surprise to
me I might want to vary my content so
that Swedish customers get a more
personalized experience so you can
configure it in a way that using the
same URL Amazon CloudFront can vary the
content delivered customers who come
from that location and then one last you
want to show here top devices so there's
also a device report we provide as well
and on this one it's on this tab sorry
so you can see the devices your
customers are coming from now what's
actionable here if the large percentage
of your customers are coming via mobile
as in the case here you're going to want
to make sure that your site is optimized
for mobile users so that's something
you'd want to do if you hadn't done know
already so the last item that I mere
talked about here is using cloud watch
for custom metrics so this is what I
mentioned earlier about using Amazon
CloudFront to Amazon CloudFront access
logs these are delivered to your cloud
front s3 or accuse me to your Amazon s3
bucket and then you can create an SMS
notification to trigger a lambda
function to download those files and
upload them to cloud watch logs once
they're up to up to cloud watch logs
that's where you can create any variety
metrics on anything in the in the log
files i'm going to show you what these
log files look like
that's me stop
because they're basically what these
large files look like once you're in
five watch each one of these represents
a request each one of these line items
is a request you can run any kind of
creating any kind of custom metric based
on any item in the fields here so this
gives you a lot of flexibility so you
can alarm on any one of these and I'm
going to show you some of the ones we've
logged on here remember to get back how
to get back so here we've created a
couple filters one this was a bot we're
tracking the number of bots that are
coming because let's say you want to be
notified if you get a lot of butts
because you know there are some good
bots and there's bad BOTS and you want
to be notified so you can look into what
kind of bots these are so this gives you
the ability to do this you can see how
many bots are visiting daily and you can
also dig in and look at what kind of
bots are and you can block specific bots
and again using our AWS laughs service
that we announced yesterday there's a
lot of functionality that you can use on
that to block certain requests another
one is sslv3 one of the items here so
you can count the number of requests
you're getting for sslv3 let's say
you've you're using Amazon Cloud France
custom SSL future and you've enabled
sslv3 which means you're serving sslv3
then you're like well that's not exactly
the most secure thing so I want to turn
that off so you can actually monitor how
many your customers are visiting your
site using sslv3 so you can see what
kind of impact you're going to have if
you turn that off so go back to
so key takeaways enable AWS cloud trail
so you can track configuration changes
so they say distribution gets disabled
you're immediately notified you can take
corrective action monitor your Amazon
CloudFront reports that's where we
talked about if you have a writer than
to freak out if you get a bunch of
income free downloads you're going to
want to investigate how you can resolve
that create alarms error rates requests
whatever you think is important if for
example you might want to create an
alarm on David transfer because you're
sensitive your price sensitive or cost
sensitive so you can create alarms to
trigger when you have over a certain
amount of data transfer subscribe the
Amazon CloudFront access access logs
again you can do that just to get the
value of digging into logs or you can
also use a lambda function to push the
lodge to Amazon Cloud watch where you
really have a lot of freedom to rent any
kind of reports you want so I'm going to
turn it over to Matt Baldwin a senior
software engineer Thank You Jared I'm
Matthew Baldwin a senior software
development engineer on the CloudFront
team I'm going to talk to you today
about some best practices on improving
the cache ability of your content so
there are four and a half best practices
I want to talk to you out the first one
is versioning your website assets cache
cache headers and cache control headers
to instruct our front other intermediary
caches and browser cache is on how long
to keep your objects in cache for now we
talked about shared distributions
forwarded values and the half best
practices path prefix invalidations the
idea being that v4 if you follow the
best practices like giving you a before
that we won't ever have to use our in
violation tool but it's there if you do
need it so let's get started versioning
website assets this is simply include a
version number in the URL every time you
publish new versions of your assets and
this is this is useful for example the
Jared talk just now about monitoring the
4 x.x error rate after a new deployment
if you've versioned your your assets and
you've included you change the URL to
them when you brought out the new the
new deployment you see your Forex xr8
spike you can roll back your
the content that's referencing those
assets and know that the of the
previous version of the assets are still
in cache either in the browser cache of
the on the end users and or in the CloudFront
cache and we see two two different
ways that customers per typically do
this the first one including some
version key in the in the URL here we've
included a simple version number but you
might want to improv you skate that
maybe you make that the size of the file
so it's not guessable so people can try
and guess where all your asset you are
as our and the other way is to include
the md5 sum out of the content as a
query string parameter at the end of end
of the URL most static assets or most
file stores will ignore query strings
and serving files that you can include
the query string in your cache key in
CloudFront giving you a different way a
different mechanism to version my assets
our second best practice is to utilize
cache control and expires headers to to
give you fine grained control over how
long you want your assets all your
content to stay in cache before CloudFront
or intermediary caches will
revalidate them so cache control the
very powerful header will we'll talk a
little bit more about that in a moment
and it expires is another header that
also tells CloudFront and caches that
this object expires at this point in
time and that's when you need to go and
revalidate with the origin CloudFront
also offers a feature called
minimum maximum and default TTL we shall
now you to override these values as
they're applied to the CloudFront cache
and this only affects the camphor in
cache it does not affect the browser
cache as it did not change any
as they're served out the door. so count
cache control as I mentioned very
powerful header lots of different
directive you can include net and
depending on the type of content you're
caching when serving you may want to set
very specific settings so for our CSS
our JavaScript and our images which
we've versioned we're confident are
they're never going to change we're
going to set a one-year expiry time oh
so our max age is a really big number
which is one year in seconds and that's
going to tell CloudFront and browser
caches to try and catch that as long as
possible a different use case might be
if your index page or a landing page you
might want to set a lower cache-control
header expiry time Erick Dampier is 30
seconds it may be content this refresh
fairly frequently but used to want to
leverage caching of that content so that
you know users do get the benefit of the
performance benefit of Caltrans and in
our example here we've also included a
no cache directive which says no cache
equals set cookie and what this tells
CloudFront to do and other intermediary
caches is to strip the set cookie header
on cache hits and this is important for
landing pages, login pages, indexed pages
and so on if your application is
generating a session cookie for every
unique visitor you don't want to leak
that session across users so you
want to instruct the cache any caches
juice to strip a set cookie Heather and
I third use cases for live streaming
with live streaming you might create a
cache behavior in CloudFront for your
manifest file m3u8 for a HLS live stream
and ideally your origin will be
presented cache control public max-age
equals two so that the manifest is
constantly being refreshed which allows
your users to follow your live stream to
protect against origins not sending that
header what you might want to do in your
CloudFront distribution is to configure
the minimum maximum
and default TTL for that one cache
behavior to be equal to two seconds and
what this does is gives you some
confidence that CloudFront isn't going
to cache your dynamic prefect of your
dynamic manifest for too long.
worst case scenario you don't return anything in
the deep out the the out-of-the-box
defaults with caffeine apply and
CloudFront will cache that for 86,400 seconds
or one day and your users are going to
see the first segment of your live
stream and nothing else so minimum
maximum 10 default TTL a useful feature
to help you protecting is that the third
best practice I'm going to talk to you
about is shared distributions and this
is something that clean mentioned in his
talk and this is a use case where you
may have several website properties
perhaps you're running a CMS or a
blogging platform where there's a common
set of shared assets it could be
JavaScript it could be CSS it could be
images and what you might want to do is
create a account for distribution here
we've got assets for example com is at
caltrain distribution serving all those
static assets from s3 and we have two
different website properties example.com
and example.org which are pulling
their shared assets from that shared
distribution this is beneficial to you
because you are now going to get a
better cache hit rate ratio if users are
switching between multiple of your
website properties assets may already be
in their local browser cache good chance
they can remain in the CloudFront edge
location caches because now the
popularity of your objects which
determines effectively how likely they
are to stay in cache is magnified by the
number of different properties
referencing them and this is a technique
that's used by the amazon.com retail
website and the regional variants of
that the Amazon logo is the same whether
you're in the United States or Canada
for example so amazon.com uses a shared
distribution to server images the fourth
best practice I'm going to talk about is
forwarded values CloudFront allows you
to configure various different forwarded
values on for your different cache
behaviors which is a powerful ways for
you to deliver unique
personalized content to users but the
effect is that these values are not only
forwarded back to your origin but
they're also form part of your card for
in cache key so if you're forwarding a
lot of values and that's going to impact
the potentially impact the cache hit
ratio and last week Trusted Advisor
launched two new checks one of which
integrates with cloud contents can enjoy
distribution configuration it checked to
see if you're forwarding values which
have a great impact on the cache hit
rate ratios such as user agent and it'll
actually make recommendations to you so
you can be notified of changes you can
make to improve them improve the cache
efficacy of conference and my half best
practice if we followed all the
versioning versioning and cache control
and forwarded values best practices we
won't have to ition you any
invalidations but you can use it as a
last resort it only applies to the
CloudFront cache it you can't invalidate and
purge things from end-user caches and
the easiest way to do this is to use the
path prefix invalidation feature that we
launched earlier this year which allows
you to use a wild card at the end of a
path and say everything that matches
this path prefix invalidated and every
the next access to that will be a Miss
on the cap reg location and we'll go and
pull the new version from your origin
let's go to a demo and I'll take you
through some of the things we just
talked about ok so here we have our the
CloudFront console and we have a
distribution for our demonstration
website and you can see here we have
multiple cache behaviors each calf
behaviour is a different different thing
let's take a look at the the cookie
cache behavior and one of the
one of the things we've done here is
we've whitelisted some cookies that we
want to forward to the origin and make
part of our cloud from kashki any cookie
that matches CloudFront dash star and
the jsessionid our web application is a
java application and we want to make
sure that the session ID for of our
users is forwarded to the origin on this
cache behavior if we switch back to
assets cache behavior where our static
assets are coming from from s3 we can
scroll down here and we see here we're
not forwarding any cookies let it make
any sense for our assets so we're going
to maximize the chance of cache hits at
the edge by reducing the cache key space
effectively here we go here are here our
assets is and so we talked a little bit
about the minimum maximum and default
TTL earlier so on this cache behavior is
our live stream cache behavior we've set
our minimum TTL 20 we said I'm Mac
maximum TT over 300 our default TTL 260
and what that's going to do is any any
the minimum TTL comes into effect when a
an origin may return a cache control
header with the value that's less than
the minimum the configuring account rank
and CloudFront is going to clamp the
age in the car and cache this let's take
an example here so we change this to 210
an Origin returns cache control five
conference going to apply a ten-second
TTL the maximum TC all works in the same
way it applies if the origin returns
with a cache control 600 we're going to
clamp it to 300 in the count for each
location and the default TTL comes into
play when your origin doesn't provide
any cache control or expires header and
gives us no idea of how long you want to
cache things for so we we have to make a
decision and we apply in the default TTL
in this case and these values justify to
the cloud prankish we don't modify any
headers as they're served out to the
viewer
also the key takeaways version your
assets and a view to quickly roll
forward and roll back use multiple cache
behaviors separate the forwarded values
and the mid appropriate minimum maximum
and default TTLs forward only the
required headers that make sense for the
different parts of your web application
and ideally only use right in violations
as a last resort as I said that only
applies to the count for and Kasia does
not apply to browser caches or other
intermediary caches thank you very much
I'm gonna hand over to Alex to take you
through testing your configuration cool
I'm going to go quickly through some
best practices around basically how do
you know all this stuff actually worked
so specifically we're going to look at a
pseudo development mode that you can use
to test your CloudFront and
configuration how you ensure caching how
do you know that your stuff is going to
be cached correctly how do you perform
its test how do you load tests and how
do you validate your SSL settings so
those are the five things I'm going to
walk through pretty quickly so
development mode there's no switch to
turn on development mode in CloudFront
but basically there are some things that
you can do that allow you to validate
that your CloudFront distribution is
set up correctly without exposing your
site to the whole world so the
first thing to do is to set the maximum
TTL to 0 so that was this feature that
Matthew just showed this will basically
ensure that CloudFront doesn't catch
anything that allows you to you know
sort of experiment work in your
development environment without having
to find cache objects for a very long
time and without actually changing the
headers on the object so that's very
useful also without having to wait for
invalidations to apply the second is you
also lets you not have to change
forwarding headers so you can do this
all with the forward header behavior
that you're going to use for your live
site you can also whitelist your IP
address using AWS so that an
application is only accessible via your
your internal network and then finally
you can use sign cookies to use our
private content future again to further
restrict access so it's only valid for a
certain period of time one of the things
that jared showed you was looking at the
ratio of hits and misses from a
CloudFront cache you can also see on an
individual object whether an object is a
cache hit or a cache miss by looking at
the headers returned by CloudFront
associate this is in demos for the
headers to look at in the developer
console in Chrome or Firefox or the Age
header, the X-Cache header,
the Cache-Control headers, and the HSTS header
that clean show you earlier so in the demo
we'll look at the developer console and
see how you can see those headers.
performance testing. performance testing
is super hard I'll start with being
honest with you that is not easy to get
an accurate perspective of what your end
users see in terms of performance you
can get one view which is your
performance from your site but how do
you get an overall view of your
performance so when we start a CloudFront
most customers use what are called
backbone tests these are tests that are
run by third-party services that run in
data centers and test CloudFront from
those data centers and they get a fairly
good view of availability but they don't
feel great in terms of performance
because you don't have a whole lot of
end users that access your site from
data centers your users don't live in
data centers they live in homes and they
have ISPs or they're in businesses that
have ISPs that aren't represented by
backbone tests so the the next
generation of performance testing what
we've seen customers uses last mile
testing last mile testing is still thin
synthetic so it's running asset test
downloading an object or testing a
website using a pre-programmed script or
script or other synthetic monitoring but
it's doing it for more consumer grade
ISPs again good but it can be incomplete
so the way we recommend as sort of for
best practice to give a most complete
view of performance
and availability is real user testing
what real user testing does is it takes
instrumentation from the same end users
that are actually downloaded content
from your site so basically instruments
your webpages and records information
around availability and performance from
the same people who are actually coming
to your site this is the gold standard
for free porns performance testing there
are actually several real user testing
on companies that are on the exhibit
floor here at reinvent so I encourage
you to check those out load testing load
testing is another thing that is fairly
tricky to do with a CDN what traditional
load testing tools do is they take in I
single IP address from a single client
and they run it super hard what that
does is it circumvents a bunch of the
load balancing that we've built into
CloudFront and it doesn't actually
simulate a real real user environment so
if you have say a load test script
running from an ec2 instance that pulls
down one CloudFront IP address what
that do will do is test a single
CloudFront edge location and a limited set of
servers within that implication just the
set of servers that happen to be behind
that one IP address an ideal low testing
system tests from multiple client
locations using independent DNS
resolutions so that's the key thing
CloudFront uses DNS in order to
accomplish a large portion of its load
balancing so effective load test will
simulate the DNS behavior that end-users
do use different dns resolvers to make
independent DNS requests that's the best
practice and then the last thing we will
show you there's a cool tool that's out
there they will verify your SSL config
so it goes through a this is a test from
SSL labs goes through a series of tests
on your SSL configuration and ensures
that it hits on the various marks that
are important for securing your your
content while in transit let me very
quickly just go through i'm going to
show you a couple of things so
this is the developer console and so
this is a site that we put up at edge
reinvent and if you enable the developer
console on using chrome here but there's
a similar version in Firefox you can
look at what we see here in the response
headers so here you see the age you'll
see the cache control directives that
are set by your origin and then here's
that strict Transport Security header
that your that clean talked about and so
that is saying that hey we want to make
sure that only content is available from
over an SSL connection and then lastly
sort of wrapping up very quickly you can
see here is cual sis's SSL labs report
on edge reinvent calm and you can see
that it goes through a variety of
different tests and in this case we got
any plus which is pretty cool come back
and so key takeaways switch off cacheing
in development that's going to make your
testing much more productive allow you
to iterate more quickly second use real
user metrics for performance tests
that's going to get you a end-user view
of what performance and availability
really look like and finally if you do
do a load test, do it from multiple
locations, do independent DNS lookups, so
you get a wide set of IP addresses you
don't just test a single set of servers
in a single edge location, you really test
CloudFront as a network thank you very
much I hope that you've taken some
things away that are going to really
help you configure CloudFront better
the group here will stay behind and
answer any questions that you might have
but thank you for coming